README.md, before:

# liri-node-app

Just like Siri which takes in voice commands and returns information. The liri node app takes in a few commands 
concert-this, spotify-this-song, movie-this, and do-what-it-says.

Concert-this command works with bandsintown api to return band or artist information such as lineup name, and venue information.
<div align="center">
    <img src="images/concert-this.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Spotify-this-song command returns information for a song and the spotify api is used. The song title is needed after the command and liri would return several
songs based on the title.

<div align="center">
    <img src="images/spotify-this-song.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Movie-this returns information on a movie and the omdbapi is used. Information like Rottentomatoes ratings, actors, language, plot and release year are returned to the user. 
<div align="center">
    <img src="images/movie-this.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Do-what-it-says just returns information that is stored in another file. User doens't have to put any other input other than the command do-what-it-says. 
<div align="center">
    <img src="images/do-what-it-says.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Commit message:

added more instructions on how to use the liri app for the user.

README.md, after:

# liri-node-app

Just like Siri which takes in voice commands and returns information. The liri node app takes in a few commands 
concert-this, spotify-this-song, movie-this, and do-what-it-says.

To initiate the app, user must go to terminal and head to the file directory. Start by inputting in the terminal node liri.js command and then user input in order for liri to give a response back. 

Concert-this command works with bandsintown api to return band or artist information such as lineup name, and venue information.
<div align="center">
    <img src="images/concert-this.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Spotify-this-song command returns information for a song and the spotify api is used. The song title is needed after the command and liri would return several
songs based on the title.

<div align="center">
    <img src="images/spotify-this-song.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Movie-this returns information on a movie and the omdbapi is used. Information like Rottentomatoes ratings, actors, language, plot and release year are returned to the user. 
<div align="center">
    <img src="images/movie-this.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>

Do-what-it-says just returns information that is stored in another file. User doens't have to put any other input other than the command do-what-it-says. 
<div align="center">
    <img src="images/do-what-it-says.png" width="400px"</img> 
</div>
